<!---
/*******************************************************************************
// Project name   :
// File name      : Weekday.md
// Created date   : Wed 27 Mar 2017
// Author         : Huy Hung Ho
// Last modified  : Wed 29 Mar 2017
// Desc           :
*******************************************************************************/
-->
Introduction
============


Features
========

Draft document (continus)
=========================
# Human detection by Histogram of Oriented Gradient: Pedestrian detection
## 1 Context
* Object detector hardware implementation is present in this pager. Detection is done using Histogram of Oriented Gradient (HOG) features and Support Vector Machine (SVM) classification. This project into LSI Design Contest 2017. The methodology from Matlab code to c code and vhdl simulation. Objectivive of this project is implementation with low power architecture.
* Obtained result: design low power architecture
* Keyword: human detection, histogram of oriented gradients, low power architectures

## 2 Introduction
* Object detection is needed for embedded vision applications like human detection, face detection, vehicle counting for ROBOTIC, flycam... Then this project show a low architecture of human detection can implement in FPGA, ASIC. The main architecture is fisrt research in [1] is showned in Fig. 1.
*


Tip
===
* Learn how to train your own custom object detectors.
* You'll discover how to detect road signs, faces, cars (and nearly any other object) in images by applying the HOG + Linear SVM framework for object detection.
* Training your own custom object detector using the HOG + Linear SVM method can be broken down into 6 simple steps:
	* Extract HOG features from your positive training set.
	* Compute HOG feature vectors from your negative training set.
	* Train your Linear SVM.
	* Apply hard-negative mining.
	* Re-train your Linear SVM using the positive samples, negative samples, and hard-negative samples.
	* Done! You can now apply your object detector to your dataset.
Using these 6 steps, you can train custom object detectors of your own.

For a detailed review of the HOG + Linear SVM framework, along with the source code implementation, be sure to join the PyImageSearch Gurus course. I'll see you inside!

* Bieu mau viet nghien cuu khoa hoc:
	0. Tom tat khoang 15 dong, 200 tu
	1. Dat van de: Neu doi tuong nghien cuu, trinh bay noi dung khoa hoc da
	  duoc giai quyet trong va ngoai nuoc. Neu nhung van de ton tai can
	  nghien cuu va xac dinh doi tuong, muc tieu cua cong trinh
	2. Giai quyet van de: Trinh bay cac noi dung da nghien cuu, cac phuong
	   phap nghien cuu da su dung. Neu va thao luan cac ket qua da dat duoc
	   (thuyet minh y nghia khoa hoc, tac dong kinh te - xa hoi,  khoi luong
	   va pham vi ap dung cua cong trinh)
	3. Ket luan
	4. Tai lieu tham khao, phu luc



Image processing is one of the most potential and fastest technologies today.
Human detection topic is the most important of it, with high quality hardware
requirement. Then, implement human detection architecture in hardware is very
necessary.
The project context is this implementation using Histogram of Oriented Gradients
(HOG) and Support Vector Machine (SVM) with low power architecture. HOG is a
type of “feature descriptor” and this is one of the most popular and successful
right now. HOG HOG can decrease 76.93% storage capacity of images. 

As mentioned in Section 1, scaling is an important factor in object detection
algorithms since there is no prior knowledge about object size/distance from
camera.
Generally, and since most of the features are not scale invariant, there are two
methods to perform multiscale detection. The first naive approach is to have
multiple
SVM classifiers, each trained for the same object at a different size. In this
case, the weights of the different SVM classifiers must be determined and a
unique detector is used for each size. This approach is rarely used because it
increases the complexity of the training process where multiple classifiers have
to be trained. In addition to that, and from the hardware point of view, these
classifiers coefficients have to be stored on-chip and it is shown later in this
work that the SVM weights memory consumes a significant amount of power. The
second approach, which is conventionally used in object detectors [2] and is
carried out in this work, is to have only one SVM classifier for one detection
window size, and to generate an image pyramid composed of multiple scaled
versions of the same frame, which is then processed by the same detector as
shown in Fig. 3. In this approach, small objects can be detected in the high
resolution scales while large objects can be detected in the low resolution
scales, all with the same classifier. The ratio between the dimensions of
successive scales in the image pyramid is called the

7. Once all block vectors are generated, they are all concatenated to form
the final descriptor.
8. The descriptor can now be fed into an SVM classifier, to determine whether
the object of interest is present or not in the current window. Multiple
descriptors are used to train the classifier.
9. Detections across all scales and positions are interpolated, to find the
   exact
   position and scale, based on the score of the SVM decision function
